Challenge round, Billy.
Oh, come on, Billy, you've
got to be messing with me.
No, doctor.
Feels So Good,
Chuck Mangione, 1977.
Honestly, Billy, you said
this one would be hard.
- Ha! It's 1978.
- No, Billy.
While Feels So Good
may have charted in 1978...
the album was released
in December of 1977.
No.
Wikipedia says it's a nineteen...
Check again.
Where do you store
all this useless information?
Useless?
The man charted a top
10 hit with a flugelhorn.
Status, Billy?
1977.
- Oh, please.
- I hate you.
Oh!
Feels so good, doesn't it?
Oh, I got this, Stephen.
You've done your bit.
Go ahead. We'll close up.
What is it?
GSW.
It's amazing you kept him alive.
Apneic, failed the
brain stem test...
and the apnea reflex test.
I think I found the
problem, Doctor Palmer.
You left a bullet in his head.
Thanks.
It's impinging on the medulla.
I needed a specialist.
Nic diagnosed brain death.
Something about that
doesn't feel right to me.
We have to run.
Doctor West.
What are you doing? Hey.
Organ harvest. He's a donor.
Slow down.
I did not agree to that.
I don't need you to.
We've already called brain death.
Prematurely.
We need to get him prepped
for sub-occipital craniotomy.
Not gonna let you
operate on a dead man.
What do you see?
- A bullet?
- A perfect bullet.
It's been hardened. You harden a
bullet by alloying lead with antimony.
A toxic metal. And that's leeched
directly into the cerebral spinal fluid.
Rapid onset central
nervous system shutdown.
We gotta go.
The patient's not
dead, but he is dying.
Still want to
harvest his organs?
- I'll assist you.
- No.
Doctor Palmer will assist me.
Thank you.
Image guidance, stat.
We don't have time for that.
You can't do it freehand.
I can and I will.
This isn't a time for
showing off, Strange.
How about 10 minutes ago
when you called the
wrong time of death?
Cranial nerves intact.
Doctor West, cover your watch.
You know, you didn't have to
humiliate him in front of everyone.
I didn't have to save
his patient, either.
But I sometimes
just can't help myself.
Nic is a great doctor.
You came to me.
Yeah, well, I needed
a second opinion.
You had a second opinion.
What you needed
was a competent one.
Well, all the more reason
why you should be my
neurosurgeon on call.
You could make
such a difference.
I can't work in
your butcher shop.
Hey!
I'm fusing transected
spinal cords.
I'm stimulating neurogenesis
in the central nervous system.
The work I'm doing is gonna
save thousands for years to come.
In ER, you get to save
one drunk idiot with a gun.
Yeah, you're right.
In ER, we're only saving lives.
There's no fame, there's no, uh,
CNN interviews.
I guess I'll just have
to stick with Nic.
Whoa, wait a minute.
You're not... You guys aren't...
What?
Sleeping together? Sorry, I thought
that was implicit in my disgust.
Explicit, actually.
No, I have a very strict rule
against dating colleagues.
Oh, really?
I call it the "Strange Policy."
Oh, well, good, I'm glad
something's named after me.
I invented a
laminectomy procedure.
And yet, somehow no one seems to
want to call it the "Strange Technique."
We invented that technique.
Regardless, I'm very
flattered by your policy.
I'm talking tonight at a
Neurological Society dinner.
Come with me.
Another speaking engagement?
So romantic.
You used to love coming
to those things with me.
We had fun together.
No! You had fun.
They weren't about
us, they were about you.
Not only about me.
Stephen.
Everything is about you.
Maybe we could hyphenate.
Strange-Palmer Technique.
Palmer-Strange.
Billy.
What have you got for me?
I've got a 35-year-old
Air Force Colonel...
crushed his lower spine in some
kind of thoracic burst fracture.
Yeah, well, I could help...
but so could 50 other people.
Find me something worth my time.
I have a 68-year-old female with
an advanced brain stem glioma.
Yeah, you want me to
screw up my perfect record?
Definitely not.
How about a
22-year-old female...
with an electronic implant in her
brain to control schizophrenia...
struck by lightning?
Mmm.
That does sound interesting.
Can you send me the...
Got it.
Hey.
It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
What did they do?
They rushed you in a chopper.
But it took a little
while to find you.
The golden hours for nerve damage
went by while you were in the car.
What did they do?
11 stainless steel
pins in the bones.
Multiple torn ligaments...
severe nerve
damage in both hands.
You were on the
table for 11 hours.
Look at these fixators.
No one could have done better.
I could have done better.
My mom tried to talk
me out of enlisting...
but, um, not Aunt Peggy.
She bought me my
first thigh holster.
Very practical.
And stylish.
CIA has you stationed
over here now?
Berlin.
Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Right. Right. Sounds fun.
I know, right?
I've been meaning to ask you.
When you were spying
on me from across the hall...
You mean when I
was doing my job.
Did Peggy know?
She kept so many secrets.
I didn't want her to
have one from you.
Thanks for walking me back.
Sure.
Steve.
There's something you gotta see.
A bomb hidden in a news van...
Who's coordinating?
ripped through the
UN building in Vienna.
Good. They're solid. Forensics?
More than 70 people
have been injured.
At least 12 are dead,
including Wakanda's
King T'Chaka.
Officials have released
a video of a suspect...
who they have identified as
James Buchanan Barnes...
the Winter Soldier.
The infamous HYDRA agent...
linked to numerous
acts of terrorism
and political assassinations.
I have to go to work.
Hello?
Is this your car out front?
I jumped the curb.
Maybe we could...
take care of it ourselves.
If you wanna call the
cops, that's okay, too...
- I guess.
- No.
No cops.
Thank you.
You have kept
your looks, Colonel.
Congratulations.
"Mission report.
December 16, 1991."
Who are you?
My name is Zemo.
I will repeat my question.
Mission report,
December 16, 1991.
How did you find me?
When S.H.I.E.L.D. fell...
Black Widow released
HYDRA files to the public.
Millions of pages.
Much of it encrypted.
Not easy to decipher.
But, I have experience.
And patience.
A man can do
anything if he has those.
What do you want?
Mission report.
December 16.
1991.
Go... to... hell!
HYDRA deserves its
place on the ash heap.
So your death
would not bother me.
But I'd have to use this book...
and other bloodier
methods to find what I need.
I don't look forward to that.
You'd only be dying for...
your pride.
Hail HYDRA.
I swear.
I don't know where they went! I swear.
If he knew where
they were headed,
he would have already told us.
Yeah.
Ronan,
the Nova Corps sent a
fleet to defend the prison.
Well, then,
send Necrocraft to every
corner of the quadrant.
Find the Orb.
Any means, any price.
And this place?
The Nova can't
know what we're after.
Cleanse it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yo, Ranger Rick!
What are you doing?
You can't take apart my
ship without asking me!
- See, what is this?
- Don't touch that!
It's a bomb.
- A bomb?
- Yup.
And you leave it lying around?
I was gonna put it in a box.
What's a box gonna do?
- How about this one?
- No! Whoa. Hey!
- Leave it alone.
- Why? What is it?
- Shut up.
- Hey!
What is that?
That's for if things
get really hardcore.
Or if you wanna blow up moons.
No one's blowing up moons.
You just wanna suck
the joy out of everything.
So, listen, I'm gonna need
your buyer's coordinates.
We're heading in the right direction.
For now.
If we're gonna work together,
you might try trusting me a little bit.
And how much do you trust me?
I'd trust you a lot more if
you told me what this was.
Because I'm guessing
it's some kind of weapon.
I don't know what it is.
If it's a weapon, we
should use it against Ronan.
Put it down, you fool.
You'll destroy us all.
Or just you, murderess!
I let you live once, princess!
- I am not a princess!
- Hey!
Nobody is killing
anybody on my ship!
We're stuck together
until we get the money.
I have no interest in money.
Great.
That means more
money for the three of us.
Mmm?
For the four of us.
Partners.
We have an agreement,
but I would never be
partners with the likes of you.
I'll tell the buyer
we're on our way.
And Quill, your ship is filthy.
Oh, she has no idea.
If I had a black light,
the place would look like
a Jackson Pollock painting.
You got issues, Quill.
Do you got any other cute
little buggers like this one?
I like to stick 'em all in a
row on my control console.
I can't tell if you're
joking or not.
He's being fully serious.
In that case, I can show you...
But first, you gonna
tell me what this Orb is,
and why everybody cares
so damn much about it.
And then you gonna tell me,
who out there
might wanna buy it.
Sir, the high-end
community is a...
The high-end community is a...
It's a tight-knit...
Tight-knit...
The high-end community
is a very tight-knit...
I cannot possibly betray
the confidentiality
of my buyers!
Now, who again is
this buyer of yours?
Carina.
Yes, Master.
Your people do have
elbows, do they not?
We do, Master.
Then use them.
I don't have to remind you
what happened to the last
attendant who disappointed me.
Do I?
Chop, chop.
Our guests will be here soon.
No.
Give your body time to heal.
You've ruined me.
How long until I can take...
Doctor Strange.
Those tissues are still healing.
So, speed it up.
Pass a stent down the brachial
artery into the radial artery.
It's possible.
Experimental and
expensive, but possible.
All I need is possible.
Up.
Show me your strength.
This is useless.
It's not useless, man.
You can do this.
All right, answer me
this, bachelor's degree.
Have you ever known
anyone with nerve damage
this severe to do this...
and actually recover?
One guy, yeah.
Factory accident,
broke his back...
paralyzed, his leg wasted away.
He had pain in his shoulder,
from the wheelchair.
He came in three times a week.
Then one day he stopped coming.
I thought he was dead.
A few years later, he
walked past me on the street.
- Walked?
- Yeah, walked.
Bullshit. Show me his file.
It'll take me a while to pull
the files from the archive.
But if it proves your
arrogant ass wrong...
Worth it.
I looked at all your research...
I read all the
papers you've sent.
It's not gonna work.
I don't think you realize...
- how severe the damages are.
- Here's the thing...
The best have tried and failed.
I understand. Here's the thing.
What you want from me
is impossible, Stephen.
Come on.
I've got my own
reputation to consider.
- Etienne, wait. No.
- I can't help you.
No, no, wait!
Hey!
He won't do it.
He's a hack.
There is a new
procedure in Tokyo.
They culture donor stem cells...
and then harvesting them
and then 3D printing a scaffold.
If I could get a
loan together...
Stephen.
A small loan, just $200,000.
You've always spent money
as fast as you could make it...
but now you're spending
money you don't even have.
Maybe it's time to
consider stopping.
No, now is exactly
the time not to stop...
because, you see, I'm
not getting any better!
But this isn't medicine anymore.
This is mania.
Some things just can't be fixed.
- Life without my work...
- Is still life.
This isn't the end.
There are other things that
can give your life meaning.
Like what? Like you?
This is the part
where you apologize.
where you leave.
Fine, I can't watch you
do this to yourself anymore.
Oh, too difficult
for you, is it?
Yes, it is.
It breaks my heart
to see you this way.
- No, don't pity me.
- I'm not pitying you.
Oh, yeah?
Then what are you doing here...
bringing cheese and wine like
we're old friends going for a picnic?
We are not friends, Christine.
We were barely lovers.
But you just love a
sob story, don't you?
Is that what I am to you now?
"Poor Stephen
Strange, charity case."
"He finally needs me."
Another dreg of humanity
for you to work on.
Patch him up and send
him back into the world...
heart's just humming.
You care so much, don't you?
Goodbye, Stephen.
Call MI6, see if we can get
Micro Forensics
to hurry this up.
We need the whole
team here in two hours
or it's not worth it.
I'm very sorry.
In my culture...
death is not the end.
It's more of a
stepping-off point.
You reach out with both hands...
and Bast and Sekhmet,
they lead you into
the green veldt...
where you can run forever.
That sounds very peaceful.
My father thought so.
I am not my father.
T'Challa...
Task Force will decide
who brings in Barnes.
Don't bother, Ms. Romanoff.
I'll kill him myself.
Yeah?
You all right?
Uh, yeah, thanks. I got lucky.
I know how much Barnes means to you.
I really do.
Stay home.
You'll only make this worse.
For all of us.
Please.
Are you saying you'll arrest me?
No.
Someone will.
If you interfere.
That's how it works now.
If he's this far gone, Nat,
I should be the
one to bring him in.
Why?
Because I'm the one
least likely to die trying.
Shit.
She tell you to stay out of it?
Might have a point.
He'd do it for me.
1945, maybe.
I just want to make sure
we consider all our options.
The people that shoot at you
usually wind up shooting at me.
Tips have been pouring in
since that footage went public.
Everybody thinks the Winter
Soldier goes to their gym.
Most of it's noise.
Except for this.
My boss expects a
briefing, pretty much now...
so that's all the head
start you're gonna get.
Thank you.
You're gonna have to hurry.
We have orders
to shoot on sight.
Heads up! We're inbound.
Whoa.
What is it?
It's called Knowhere.
The severed head of
an ancient celestial being.
Be wary headed in, rodent.
There are no regulations
whatsoever here.
Hundreds of years ago, the
Tivan Group sent workers in
to mine the organic
matter within the skull.
Bone, brain
tissue, spinal fluid.
All rare resources, highly valued
in black markets across the galaxy.
It's dangerous and illegal
work, suitable only for outlaws.
Well, I come from
a planet of outlaws.
Billy the Kid,
Bonnie and Clyde, John Stamos.
It sounds like a place,
which I would like to visit.
Yeah, you should.
Excuse me.
- Watch your wallets.
- Can you spare any units?
Get out of here.
Your buyer's in there?
We are to wait here
for his representative.
Get out of here!
This is no respectable
establishment.
What do you expect
us to do while we wait?
Yes! Yes!
Whoa!
Yahoo!
My Orloni has won,
as I won at all things!
Now, let's put more of
this liquid into our bodies.
That's the first thing you
said that wasn't bat-shit crazy!
All the way. Here we go.
Let's go! All day! All day!
Yeah! All day.
Come on, man!
Where's the competition?
Talk a lot.
Jonathan Pangborn...
C7-C8 spinal cord
injury, complete.
Who are you?
Paralyzed from
the mid-chest down.
Partial paralysis in both hands.
- I don't know you.
- I'm Stephen Strange.
I'm a neurosurgeon.
Was a neurosurgeon.
Actually, you know
what, man, I do know you.
I came to your office once.
You refused to see me.
I never got past your assistant.
You were untreatable.
No glory for you in that, right?
You came back from a place
there's no way back from.
I'm trying to find
my own way back.
Pangborn, are you in or you out?
All right.
I'd given up on my body.
I thought my mind's the
only thing I have left...
I should at least
try to elevate that.
So, I sat with gurus...
and sacred women.
Strangers carried me to
mountaintops to see holy men.
And finally...
I found my teacher.
And my mind was elevated...
and my spirit deepened.
And somehow...
Your body healed.
Yes.
There were deeper
secrets to learn there...
but I didn't have the
strength to receive them.
I chose to settle for my
miracle and I came back home.
The place you're looking
for is called Kamar-Taj.
But the cost there is high.
How much?
I'm not talking about money.
Good luck.
Let's ball. All right, ball up!
Uh, Kamar-Taj?
You know where Kamar-Taj is?
Kamar-Taj?
Kamar-Taj.
Okay.
Look, guys, I don't
have any money.
Your watch.
No, please.
It's all I have left.
Your watch.
All right.
You're looking for Kamar-Taj.
Man, you wouldn't believe
what they charge for fuel out here.
I might actually lose
money on this job.
My connection is making us wait.
It's just a negotiation tactic.
Trust me, this is my specialty.
Where yours is more,
"Stab, stab.
Those are my terms."
My father didn't
stress diplomacy.
Thanos?
He's not my father.
When Thanos took my home world,
he killed my parents
in front of me.
He tortured me,
turned me into a weapon.
When he said he was going to
destroy an entire planet for Ronan,
I couldn't stand by and...
Why would you
risk your life for this?
My mother gave it to me.
My mom liked sharing with me all the
pop songs that she loved growing up.
I happened to have it on me,
when I was...
The day that she...
You know, when I left Earth.
What do you do with it?
Do? Nothing. You listen to it.
Or you can dance.
I'm a warrior and an assassin.
I do not dance.
Really?
On my planet, there's a
legend about people like you.
It's called
Footloose.
And in it, a great hero
named Kevin Bacon,
teaches an entire city full of people with
sticks up their butts that dancing, well...
It's the greatest
thing there is.
Who put the sticks
up their butts?
What? No, that's just a...
- That is cruel.
- It's just a phrase
people use.
The melody is pleasant!
- No!
- Ow! What the hell?
I know who you are, Peter Quill!
And I am not some starry-eyed
waif here to succumb to your...
Your pelvic sorcery!
That is not what
is happening here.
Oh, no.
Stop it!
Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?
This vermin speaks of
affairs he knows nothing about!
- That is true!
- He has no respect!
- That is also true!
- Hold on! Hold on!
Keep calling me
vermin, tough guy!
You just wanna laugh
at me like everyone else!
Rocket, you're drunk. All right?
No one's laughing at you.
He thinks I'm some stupid thing!
He does!
Well, I didn't ask to get made!
I didn't ask to be torn apart,
and put back
together, over and over
and turned into some...
Some little monster!
Rocket, no one's
calling you a monster.
He called me "vermin"!
She called me "rodent"!
Let's see if you can laugh
after five or six good
shots to your frickin' face!
No, no, no, no!
Four billion units! Rocket!
Come on, man. Hey!
Suck it up for one
more lousy night
and you're rich.
Fine.
But I can't promise,
when all this is over
I'm not gonna kill every
last one of you jerks.
See? That's exactly why
none of you have any friends!
Five seconds after you meet somebody,
you're already trying to kill them!
We have travelled,
halfway across the quadrant.
And Ronan is no
closer to being dead.
- Drax!
- Let him go.
We don't need him.
Milady Gamora.
I'm here to fetch
you for my master.
Okay, this isn't creepy at all.
We house the galaxy's
largest collection
of fauna, relics, and
species of all manner.
I present to you,
Taneleer Tivan, The Collector.
Really?
Sure we got the right place?
That one looks a little
more Kamar-Tajey.
I once stood in your place.
And I, too, was disrespectful.
So, might I offer
you some advice?
Forget everything
you think you know.
All right.
The sanctuary of our teacher.
The Ancient One.
The Ancient One?
What's his real name?
Right.
Forget everything I think I know.
Sorry.
Um, thank you for... Whoa!
Okay, that's a thing.
Thank you for...
Hello.
Oh, thank you.
And thank you.
Uh, thank you...
Ancient One, for seeing me.
You're very welcome.
The Ancient One.
Thank you, Master Mordo.
Thank you, Master Hamir.
Mr. Strange.
Uh... Doctor, actually.
Well, no, not anymore, surely.
Isn't that why you're here?
You've undergone
many procedures.
- Seven, right?
- Yeah.
It's good tea.
Yes.
Did you heal a man
named Pangborn?
A paralyzed man?
In a way.
You helped him to walk again.
Yes.
How did you correct a complete
C7-C8 spinal cord injury?
Well, I didn't correct it.
He couldn't walk.
I convinced him that he could.
You're not suggesting
it was psychosomatic?
When you reattach
a severed nerve...
is it you who heals it
back together or the body?
It's the cells.
The cells are only programmed...
to put themselves back
together in very specific ways.
Right.
What if I told you that your
own body could be convinced...
to put itself back together
in all sorts of ways?
You're talking about
cellular regeneration.
That's bleeding
edge medical tech.
Is that why you're working here?
Without a governing
medical board?
Just how experimental
is your treatment?
Quite.
So, you've figured out a way...
to reprogram nerve
cells to self-heal?
No, Mr. Strange.
I know how to
reorient the spirit...
to better heal the body.
- The spirit to heal the body?
- That's right.
No. All right.
How do we do that?
Where do we start?
- Don't like that map?
- Oh, no.
It's really good.
It's just, I've seen it before...
in gift shops.
And what about this one?
- Acupuncture, great.
- Yeah?
What about that one?
Showing me an MRI scan.
I do not believe this.
Each of those maps was
drawn up by someone...
who could see in
part, but not the whole.
I spent my last dollar
getting here, one-way ticket...
and you're talking to me
about healing through belief?
You're a man looking at
the world through a keyhole.
You've spent your whole life
trying to widen that keyhole...
to see more, to know more.
Now, on hearing that
it can be widened...
in ways you can't imagine...
you reject the possibility.
No, I reject it because I
do not believe in fairy tales...
about chakras or energy...
or the power of belief.
There is no such
thing as spirit!
We are made of matter
and nothing more.
You're just another
tiny, momentary speck
within an indifferent universe.
You think too
little of yourself.
Oh, you think you see
through me, do you?
Well, you don't.
But I see through you!
What did you just do to me?
I pushed your astral form
out of your physical form.
What's in that tea?
Psilocybin? LSD?
It's just tea...
with a little honey.
What just happened?
For a moment, you
entered the astral dimension.
The what?
A place where the soul
exists apart from the body.
Why are you doing this to me?
To show you just how
much you don't know.
Open your eye.
Oh, shit!
Oh, God! Oh, God, no!
No, no, no!
What's happening?
This isn't real!
His heart rate is
getting dangerously high.
He looks all right to me.
You think you know
how the world works?
You think that this material
universe is all there is?
What is real?
What mysteries lie beyond
the reach of your senses?
At the root of existence...
mind and matter meet.
Thoughts shape reality.
Oh!
This universe is only
one of an infinite number.
Worlds without end.
Some benevolent and life giving.
Others filled with
malice and hunger.
Dark places...
where powers older
than time lie ravenous...
and waiting.
Who are you in this vast
Multiverse, Mr. Strange?
Have you seen that
before in a gift shop?
Teach me.
No.
No!
No, no, no!
Open the door! Please!
Oh, my dear Gamora.
How wonderful to
meet in the flesh.
Let's bypass the
formalities, Tivan.
We have what we discussed.
What is that thing there?
I am Groot.
I never thought
I'd meet a Groot.
Sir...
You must allow me to pay you
now so that I may own your carcass.
At the moment of
your death, of course.
I am Groot.
Why, so he could turn
you into a frickin' chair?
That's your pet?
- His what?
- Tivan.
We have been halfway around
the galaxy, retrieving this Orb.
Very well, then.
Let us see what you brought.
Three quarnyx batteries,
seven cases of Cotati seeds.
No, cases.
Last time, you sent me...
Uh...
You shall send a message for me.
Oh, my new friends.
Before creation itself,
there were six singularities.
Then the universe
exploded into existence,
and the remnants
of these systems
were forged into
concentrated ingots.
Infinity Stones.
These stones, it seems,
can only be brandished
by beings of
extraordinary strength.
Observe.
These carriers can use the Stone
to mow down entire civilizations
like wheat in a field.
There's a little pee
coming out of me right now.
Once, for a moment,
a group was able to share the
energy amongst themselves,
but even they were
quickly destroyed by it.
Beautiful.
Beyond compare.
Blah, blah, blah.
We're all very fascinated, whitey.
But we'd like to get paid.
How would you like to get paid?
What do you think, fancy man?
Units!
Very well, then.
Carina.
Stand back.
I will no longer be your slave!
No!
What the...
Thank you, Masters.
You think I was
wrong to cast him out?
5 hours later, he's
still on your doorstep.
There's a strength to him.
Stubbornness,
arrogance, ambition.
I've seen it all before.
He reminds you of Kaecilius?
I cannot lead another
gifted student to power...
only to lose him
to the darkness.
You didn't lose me.
I wanted the power
to defeat my enemies.
You gave me the power
to defeat my demons.
And to live within
the natural law.
We never lose our demons, Mordo.
We only learn to
live above them.
Kaecilius still has
the stolen pages.
If he deciphers them,
he could bring ruin...
upon us all.
There may be dark days ahead.
Perhaps Kamar-Taj could
use a man like Strange.
Don't shut me out.
I haven't got
anywhere else to go.
Thank you.
Bathe.
Rest.
Meditate...
if you can.
The Ancient One
will send for you.
What's this? My mantra?
The Wi-Fi password.
We're not savages.
Heads up, Cap.
German Special Forces,
approaching from the south.
Understood.
Do you know me?
You're Steve.
I read about you in a museum.
They've set the perimeter.
I know you're nervous,
and you have plenty
of reason to be.
But you're lying.
I wasn't in Vienna.
I don't do that anymore.
They're entering the building.
Well, the people who think
you did are coming here now.
And they're not planning
on taking you alive.
That's smart.
Good strategy.
They're on the roof.
I'm compromised.
This doesn't have to
end in a fight, Buck.
It always ends in a fight.
Five seconds.
You pulled me from the river.
Why?
I don't know. Three seconds.
Yes, you do.
Breach! Breach! Breach!
Buck, stop!
You're gonna kill someone.
I'm not gonna kill anyone.
Come on, man.
Ahhh!
Sam, southwest rooftop.
Who the hell's the other guy?
About to find out.
Sam. Got him.
Stand down!
Sam, I can't shake this guy.
Right behind you.
Stand down, now.
Congratulations, Cap.
You're a criminal.
Your Highness.